8/21/14
00:10 I look like hell um because I’ve been crying my eyes out for the past couple of hours. Um… A couple of months ago I found out my husband was having an affair. I um saw pictures of him with his girlfriend um on his Facebook account because I figured out his password um and got in. So I saw pictures of them that they took of each other and together of a weekend or couple of days they spent together in a hotel room.
01:08 I knew she existed before that but I didn’t know that they were having sex. Because he told me they weren’t and I believed him. And now two months later I’ve filed for divorce but I can’t let go. And I think that though I filed for divorce there’s a little part of me – actually a big part of me that was hoping that he would come back. But he doesn’t come back to me. He keeps going back to her, a twenty four year old JC Penney employee who probably screws him silly, tells him he’s hot tells him he’s amazing, does drugs with him and drinks with him and has fun with him and they have no responsibilities together. Doesn’t have the lack of sexual desire which I often do which is nothing against him it’s just all of the medicine that I’m on. Isn’t hassling him to have a baby. Isn’t going to bed early. All these things that I keep thinking that I did wrong so that I can blame myself for his betrayal. Because that’s really all I can do – blame myself right now because I just can’t understand how or why he would do this to me.
03:15 You know my friends and family say that it’s not me uh he’s the one with the problem. He’s the one that um is lost. This isn’t the man I married. Um he needs help. And my rational self really knows that but my emotional self right now is so unbelievably sad that I can’t accept the fact that I didn’t do anything wrong. Except love him. And he just couldn’t tell me he was so unhappy. Um and he couldn’t tell me so that we could work at it. He just shit on our marriage and he shit on me.
04:14 So how can I not feel rejected? And worthless and unattractive and not sexy and naggy and like his mother and like the evil and disgusting wife.
04:44 You know people keep telling me it’s gonna get better and I know it will. But how long does it have to take? Cause I just keep going up and down.
05:30 I never wanted to get a divorce. I never thought I would get a divorce. My parents were divorced. I’ve seen my mother go through two divorces. It’s not what I wanted for my life. And I would have done absolutely anything I could have or tried anything to make my marriage work. But I guess ultimately you know you can’t make somebody love you. Or make somebody stay with you.
06:10 It’s just I mean what the fuck did I do? What The Fuck? I just keeping saying that to myself What the Fuck happened? It seems like it happened so fast. This has been the worst summer of my life. I hope by next summer I can look at it differently and to think how it was necessary for me to go through. But right now I can’t. That’s the furthest thing from my mind right now. Right now all I can think about is how fucking hurt I am. And why did he do this to me? Why doesn’t he want me? Why doesn’t he want our life? And who’s gonna want me?
07:16 Last week I didn’t feel this way. Last week I felt strong and confident. But last week we were seeing each other. He was coming over to the house. We went to dinner together. He was being nice, sending me nice texts. He didn’t know that I’d already made an appointment with the attorney to file for divorce. And the reason that I did that is that I realized at the beginning of the week when we started hanging out that he really wasn’t going to let her go and couldn’t commit to me. And couldn’t tell me he wanted to go into counseling. And couldn’t tell me he wanted to work it out with me. He just said I don’t know I don’t know.
08:13 And he would say these awful things about her and how he didn’t care about her and she was delusional and thinking that they were going to get an apartment together. Yet he probably never told her that he wasn’t. And at first I just thought well he’s just dangling me on a string and dangling her on a string. The more I think about it. The more I go back and rethink conversations that we had in the past week, I don’t know that he is dangling her. I think he really does want her which makes me feel worse cause he was lying to me. And making me think that I was wanted. Or that that there was a chance
09:15 I struggled with whether or not I should have filed. I I wasted you know – I don’t want to say that. I did not waste. But I dropped a lot of money for something that I don’t want. But I think I had to do it.  Because he woulda kept me on that string. And even after I did it I was still holding on. I really was.


