Transcript 8/26/14
00:21 So he just left. He came over to get some mail. Um I was cold and distant when he first got here and he was leaving and I hugged him. And he kissed my neck. And and then I opened the door and I just told him I love him. He said he loves me too. And I asked him to stay a little bit longer. And he did. And he sat down on the couch and we sat there and we talked about our weekends and we were being nice to each other. And I just wanted him to hold me. SIGH
01:24 So I put my head on his chest and then he said well I got a tattoo too. And he showed me his tattoo – which is fine but I backed away from him, went to my side of the couch. Because they got tattoos together and hers is the word muse in script on her arm. And I said to him, “So your guitar isn’t your only muse.” And he just nodded. And then I decided it was time for him to go.
02:42 She’s his fucking muse. As the wife of a musician to hear that someone else, another woman, is your husband’s muse. It’s rotten. It feels rotten. 
03:23 He says he cares about me and I’m still his wife. I said well, not really. We barely talk. We barely – we don’t touch.
03:53 Wife to him means something different I guess than it does to me. Um. I haven’t cried in a couple of days so I’m due. God I wish he had…. I wish he didn’t want her. And I wish he wanted me. And I’m gonna say it over and over and over again. And I’m still gonna be here alone. I mean what does he want from me? He does – he wants to hold on to me. And then he can disappear and not talk to me? It’s not fair. Her putting that picture up on Instagram of the fucking tattoo – I don’t care if I shouldn’t be looking at those things. But she knows that I am. And she’s putting that up there to hurt me. Live your life gently. There’s nothing gentle about her. There’s nothing gentle about either of them and what they’ve done to me to satisfy themselves. And I – even tonight – he was saying things trying to make it seem like he doesn’t care about her until he said yeah – he has a muse. 
06:27 You know what? Fuck your muse. Fuck you. Fuck both of you. Lying cheating piece of shit.


